#FoodiesForKenmore
Foodies For Kenmore is a convenient way to arrange people who want to eat, and food trucks who want to deliver.

By arranging food trucks to sign up through the City of Kemore, people in Kenmore can see what food trucks will be in their area. Mobile apps (Android/iOS) are planned to be incorporated into the future to allow push notifications to users that a food truck is in their area and allows users to "check in" with the food truck. This allows food trucks to track how much traffic they generated by working with the city, and allows users to track their history and look up previously visted food trucks.

The web app allows food trucks to search through Kenmore and target specific areas based upon eaters specified interests, demographics, and population densities. Food Trucks can then schedule when they plan on being in specified geo-located areas. The web app will also provide contact information should they wish to setup in a private lot. There will be also forms that the food truck can look through (much like an FAQ) as to how to do work within the City of Kenmore.

Foodies For Kenmore was developed on September 26th, 2015 for the Code for Kenmore event.

Challenge and Approach

Our submission seeks to solve three problems:

    How to encourage more food truck vendors to work within Kenmore
    Generate an easy, accessbile way for people in Kenmore to find hot food
    Vacant lot owners, businesses, or events that wish to have food available

Our approach for satisfying this challenge was to:

    Show Food Truck Owners where the optimal location will be to setup
    Show Customers where Food Trucks are
    Provide a history of Food Trucks who have operated in Kenmore.

Team Members

Our team is comprised of:

    @DavidKarn David Karn
    @IgorTal Igor Talpalatsky
    @PaulYoum Paul Youm

Technologies, APIs, and Datasets Utilized

We made use of:

    Leaflet
    Socrata
    HTML
    JavaScript
    King County GIS Portal
    US Census

Our code is licensed under the MIT License. Pull requests will be accepted to this repo, pending review and approval.

Please visit our prototype demo at: http://davidkarn.github.io/kenmorefoodtrucks/
